There are many types of ways that you can consider important. Um, one
would be when you're dealing with naval careers, when people come to
you about their officer package, when people come to you about, you
know, like, um, problems emotionally and financially and with their
significant other those are the most important decisions that I make.
However, um, I think although Chiefs can do that role, that's a role
that's that we don't do that often. The vast majority of the time
are really small things that we do that really, um, make the day to
day operation run smoothly. We got to get people on their 80 s. We
have to make sure that the training is up to date. We have to make
sure that everyone has their medical. You know, those are the things
that the commanding officers really, really depend on us for. Um, they
have this chart that says okay, 70% complete for training, 30% complete
on medical. Oh, that's a red flag. You know, we need to get
on that, you know, And those are the things that are the most. I guess
really, the truly important things that we need to do as chiefs make
sure that everything is up to snuff every single day